Ability 	Description 	Learnt By
Adaptability	This Pokemon's Same Type Attack Bonus is increased from 50% to 100%.	Eevee, Porygon-Z
Aftermath	If a direct attack knocks out this Pokemon, the opponent receives damage equal to one-fourth of its max HP. If a Pokemon with Damp is on the field, Aftermath will not activate.	Drifblim, Drifloon, Skuntank, Stunky
Air Lock	While this Pokemon is active, all weather conditions and their effects are disabled.	Rayquaza
Anger Point	If this Pokemon, or its Substitute, is struck by a Critical Hit, its Attack is boosted by six stages.	Mankey, Primeape, Tauros
Anticipation	A warning is displayed if an opposing Pokemon has the moves Selfdestruct, Explosion, Fissure, Guillotine, Horn Drill, Sheer Cold or any move from a type that is considered Super Effective against this Pokemon. Hidden Power, Judgment, Natural Gift and Weather Ball are viewed as Normal-type moves; Counter, Mirror Coat and Metal Burst do not receive warnings.	Barboach, Croagunk, Wormadam, Toxicroak, Whiscash
Arena Trap	When this Pokemon enters the field, its opponents cannot switch or flee the battle unless they are part Flying-type, have the Levitate ability, are holding Shed Shell, or they use the moves Baton Pass or U-Turn. Flying-type and Levitate Pokemon cannot escape if they are holding Iron Ball or Gravity is in effect. Levitate Pokemon also cannot escape if their ability is disabled through other means, such as Skill Swap or Gastro Acid.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles is doubled.	Diglett, Dugtrio, Trapinch
Bad Dreams	At the end of each turn, this Pokemon's sleeping opponents receive damage equal to one-eighth of their max HP.	Darkrai
Battle Armor	Critical Hits cannot strike this Pokemon.	Anorith, Armaldo, Drapion, Kabuto, Kabutops, Skorupi
Blaze	When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Fire-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power.	Blaziken, Charizard, Charmander, Charmeleon, Chimchar, Combusken, Cyndaquil, Infernape, Monferno, Quilava, Torchic, Typhlosion
Chlorophyll	If this Pokemon is active while Sunny Day is in effect, its speed is temporarily doubled.	Bellossom, Bellsprout, Cherubi, Exeggcute, Exeggutor, Gloom, Hoppip, Jumpluff, Nuzleaf, Oddish, Seedot, Shiftry, Skiploom, Sunflora, Sunkern, Tangela, Tangrowth, Tropius, Victreebel, Vileplume, Weepinbell
Clear Body	Opponents cannot reduce this Pokemon's stats; they can, however, modify stat changes with Power Swap, Guard Swap and Heart Swap and inflict stat boosts with Swagger and Flatter. This ability does not prevent self-inflicted stat reductions.	Beldum, Metagross, Metang, Regice, Regirock, Registeel, Tentacool, Tentacruel
Cloud Nine	While this Pokemon is active, all weather conditions and their effects are disabled.	Golduck, Psyduck
Color Change	This Pokemon's type changes according to the type of the last move that hit this Pokemon.	Kecleon
Compoundeyes	The accuracy of this Pokemon's moves receives a 30% increase; for example, a 75% accurate move becomes 97.5% accurate.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon holding an item increases.	Butterfree, Nincada, Venonat, Yanma
Cute Charm	If an opponent of the opposite gender directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 30% chance that the opponent will become Attracted to this Pokemon.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon of the opposite gender appearing increases to 66.7%.	Clefable, Clefairy, Cleffa, Delcatty, Igglybuff, Jigglypuff, Lopunny, Skitty, Wigglytuff
Damp	While this Pokemon is active, no Pokemon on the field can use Selfdestruct or Explosion.	Golduck, Politoed, Poliwag, Poliwhirl, Poliwrath, Psyduck, Quagsire, Wooper
Download	If this Pokemon switches into an opponent with equal Defenses or higher Defense than Special Defense, this Pokemon's Special Attack receives a 50% boost. If this Pokemon switches into an opponent with higher Special Defense than Defense, this Pokemon's Attack receive a 50% boost.	Porygon, Porygon-Z, Porygon2
Drizzle	When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Rain Dance that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition.	Kyogre
Drought	When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Sunny Day that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition.	Groudon
Dry Skin	This Pokemon absorbs Water attacks up to 25% of its maximum HP but receives an extra 25% damage from Fire attacks. If Sunny Day is in effect, this Pokemon takes damage equal to 12.5% of its maximum HP. If Rain Dance is in effect, this Pokemon recovers health equal to 12.5% of its maximum HP.	Croagunk, Paras, Parasect, Toxicroak
Early Bird	This Pokemon will remain asleep for half as long as it normally would; this includes both opponent-induced sleep and user-induced sleep via Rest.	Dodrio, Doduo, Girafarig, Houndoom, Houndour, Kangaskhan, Ledian, Ledyba, Natu, Nuzleaf, Seedot, Shiftry, Xatu
Effect Spore	If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 30% chance that the opponent will become either poisoned, paralyzed or put to sleep. There is an equal chance to inflict each status.	Breloom, Paras, Parasect, Shroomish
Filter	This Pokemon receives one-fourth reduced damage from Super Effective attacks.	Mime Jr., Mr. Mime
Flame Body	If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 30% chance that the opponent will become burned.
[Field Effect] Pokemon Eggs hatch in half the time.	Magby, Magcargo, Magmar, Magmortar, Slugma
Flash Fire	This Pokemon is immune to all Fire-type attacks; additionally, its own Fire-type attacks receive a 50% boost if a Fire-type move hits this Pokemon. Multiple boosts do not occur if this Pokemon is hit with multiple Fire-type attacks.	Arcanine, Flareon, Growlithe, Heatran, Houndoom, Houndour, Ninetales, Ponyta, Rapidash, Vulpix
Flower Gift	If this Pokemon is active while Sunny Day is in effect, its Attack and Special Defense stats (as well as its partner's stats in double battles) receive a 50% boost.	Cherrim
Forecast	This Pokemon's type changes according to the current weather conditions: it becomes Fire-type during Sunny Day, Water-type during Rain Dance, Ice-type during Hail and remains its regular type otherwise.	Castform
Forewarn	The move with the highest Base Power in the opponent's moveset is revealed. If two moves share the highest Base Power, one is revealed at random. In double battles, only the move with the highest Base Power among all opponents is revealed.	Drowzee, Hypno, Jynx, Smoochum
Frisk	When this Pokemon enters the field, it identifies the opponent's held item; in double battles, the held item of an unrevealed, randomly selected opponent is identified.	Banette, Shuppet, Stantler
Gluttony	This Pokemon consumes its held berry when its health reaches 50% max HP or lower.	Linoone, Shuckle, Zigzagoon
Guts	When this Pokemon is poisoned (including Toxic), burned, paralyzed or asleep (including self-induced Rest), its Attack stat receives a 50% boost; the burn status' Attack drop is also ignored.	Hariyama, Heracross, Larvitar, Machamp, Machoke, Machop, Makuhita, Raticate, Rattata, Swellow, Taillow, Tyrogue, Ursaring
Heatproof	This Pokemon receives half damage from both Fire-type attacks and residual burn damage.	Bronzong, Bronzor
Honey Gather	If it is not already holding an item, this Pokemon may collect Honey as its held item after a battle. The chance to collect Honey increases 5% for every ten levels, maxing at a 50% chance if this Pokemon is levels 91 to 100.	Combee
Huge Power	This Pokemon's Attack stat is doubled. Therefore, if this Pokemon's Attack stat on the status screen is 200, it effectively has an Attack stat of 400; which is then subject to the full range of stat boosts and reductions.	Azumarill, Azurill, Marill
Hustle	This Pokemon's Attack receives a 50% boost but its Physical attacks receive a 20% drop in Accuracy. For example, a 100% accurate move would become an 80% accurate move. The accuracy of moves that never miss, such as Aerial Ace, remains unaffected.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, there is a 50% chance a wild encounter will be the highest level of its encounter range.	Corsola, Delibird, Remoraid, Togekiss, Togepi, Togetic
Hydration	If this Pokemon is active while Rain Dance is in effect, it recovers from poison, paralysis, burn, sleep and freeze at the end of the turn.	Dewgong, Manaphy, Phione, Seel
Hyper Cutter	Opponents cannot reduce this Pokemon's Attack stat; they can, however, modify stat changes with Power Swap or Heart Swap and inflict a stat boost with Swagger. This ability does not prevent self-inflicted stat reductions.	Corphish, Crawdaunt, Gligar, Gliscor, Kingler, Krabby, Mawile, Pinsir, Trapinch
Ice Body	If active while Hail is in effect, this Pokemon recovers one-sixteenth of its max HP after each turn. If a non-Ice-type Pokemon receives this ability through Skill Swap, Role Play or the Trace ability, it will not take damage from Hail.	Glalie, Sealeo, Snorunt, Spheal, Walrein
Illuminate	When this Pokemon is in the first slot of the player's party, it doubles the rate of wild encounters.	Chinchou, Lanturn, Starmie, Staryu, Volbeat
Immunity	This Pokemon cannot become poisoned nor Toxic poisoned.	Snorlax, Zangoose
Inner Focus	This Pokemon cannot be made to flinch.	Abra, Alakazam, Crobat, Dragonite, Farfetch'd, Girafarig, Glalie, Golbat, Kadabra, Lucario, Riolu, Sneasel, Snorunt, Zubat
Insomnia	This Pokemon cannot be put to sleep; this includes both opponent-induced sleep as well as user-induced sleep via Rest.	Ariados, Banette, Drowzee, Honchkrow, Hoothoot, Hypno, Murkrow, Noctowl, Shuppet, Spinarak
Intimidate	When this Pokemon enters the field, the Attack stat of each of its opponents lowers by one stage.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles, whose level is at least 5 levels less than that of this Pokemon, halves.	Arbok, Arcanine, Ekans, Granbull, Growlithe, Gyarados, Hitmontop, Luxio, Luxray, Masquerain, Mawile, Mightyena, Salamence, Shinx, Snubbull, Stantler, Staraptor, Staravia, Tauros
Iron Fist	This Pokemon receives a 20% power boost for the following attacks: Bullet Punch, Comet Punch, Dizzy Punch, Drain Punch, Dynamicpunch, Fire Punch, Focus Punch, Hammer Arm, Ice Punch, Mach Punch, Mega Punch, Meteor Mash, Shadow Punch, Sky Uppercut, and Thunderpunch. Sucker Punch, which is known Ambush in Japan, is not boosted.	Hitmonchan
Keen Eye	This Pokemon's Accuracy cannot be lowered.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of low-leveled wild Pokemon battles decreases.	Chatot, Farfetch'd, Fearow, Furret, Hitmonchan, Hoothoot, Noctowl, Pelipper, Pidgeot, Pidgeotto, Pidgey, Sableye, Sentret, Skarmory, Sneasel, Spearow, Starly, Wingull
Klutz	This Pokemon ignores both the positive and negative effects of its held item, other than Amulet Coin, Soothe Bell, and the speed-halving effects of Iron Ball and the seven EV training items.	Buneary, Lopunny
Leaf Guard	If this Pokemon is active while Sunny Day is in effect, it cannot become poisoned, burned, paralyzed or put to sleep (other than user-induced Rest). Leaf Guard does not heal status effects that existed before Sunny Day came into effect.	Hoppip, Jumpluff, Leafeon, Skiploom, Tangela, Tangrowth
Levitate	This Pokemon is immune to Ground-type attacks, Spikes, Toxic Spikes and the Arena Trap ability; it loses these immunities while holding Iron Ball, after using Ingrain or if Gravity is in effect.	Azelf, Baltoy, Bronzong, Bronzor, Carnivine, Chimecho, Chingling, Claydol, Cresselia, Duskull, Flygon, Gastly, Gengar, Giratina, Haunter, Koffing, Latias, Latios, Lunatone, Mesprit, Misdreavus, Mismagius, Rotom, Solrock, Unown, Uxie, Vibrava, Weezing
Lightningrod	During double battles, this Pokemon draws any single-target Electric-type attack to itself. If an opponent uses an Electric-type attack that affects multiple Pokemon, those targets will be hit. This ability does not affect Electric Hidden Power, Judgment or Natural Gift.	Cubone, Electrike, Manectric, Marowak, Rhydon, Rhyhorn, Rhyperior
Limber	This Pokemon cannot become paralyzed.	Ditto, Glameow, Hitmonlee, Persian
Liquid Ooze	When another Pokemon uses Absorb, Drain Punch, Giga Drain, Leech Life, Leech Seed or Mega Drain against this Pokemon, the attacking Pokemon loses the amount of health that it would have gained.	Gulpin, Swalot, Tentacool, Tentacruel
Magic Guard	This Pokemon is immune to all indirect damage, such as Sandstorm, Hail, poison, burn, Leech Seed, entry hazards, recoil or Life Orb recoil.	Clefable, Clefairy, Cleffa
Magma Armor	This Pokemon cannot become frozen.
[Field Effect] Pokemon Eggs hatch in half the time	Camerupt, Magcargo, Slugma
Magnet Pull	When this Pokemon enters the field, Steel-type opponents cannot switch out nor flee the battle unless they are holding Shed Shell or use the attacks U-Turn or Baton Pass.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of encountering a Steel-type Pokemon increases by 50%.	Magnemite, Magneton, Magnezone, Nosepass, Probopass
Marvel Scale	When this Pokemon becomes burned, poisoned (including Toxic), paralyzed, frozen or put to sleep (including self-induced sleep via Rest), its Defense receives a 50% boost.	Milotic
Minus	This Pokemon's Special Attack receives a 50% boost in double battles if its partner has the Plus ability.	Minun
Mold Breaker	When this Pokemon becomes active, it nullifies the abilities of opposing active Pokemon that hinder this Pokemon's attacks. These abilities include Battle Armor, Clear Body, Damp, Dry Skin, Filter, Flash Fire, Flower Gift, Heatproof, Hyper Cutter, Immunity, Inner Focus, Insomnia, Keen Eye, Leaf Guard, Levitate, Lightningrod, Limber, Magma Armor, Marvel Scale, Motor Drive, Oblivious, Own Tempo, Sand Veil, Shell Armor, Shield Dust, Simple, Snow Cloak, Solid Rock, Soundproof, Sticky Hold, Storm Drain, Sturdy, Suction Cups, Tangled Feet, Thick Fat, Unaware, Vital Spirit, Volt Absorb, Water Absorb, Water Veil, White Smoke and Wonder Guard.	Cranidos, Pinsir, Rampardos
Motor Drive	This Pokemon is immune to all Electric-type attacks, including Thunder Wave, and if an Electric-type attack hits this Pokemon, it receives a one-level Speed boost.	Electivire
Multitype	This Pokemon changes its type and form to match its corresponding held Plate; this ability only works for Arceus, prevents the removal of Arceus' held item and cannot be copied or nullified by other Abilities or moves.	Arceus
Natural Cure	When this Pokemon switches out of battle, it is cured of poison (including Toxic), paralysis, burn, freeze and sleep (including self-induced Rest).	Altaria, Blissey, Budew, Celebi, Chansey, Corsola, Happiny, Roselia, Roserade, Shaymin, Starmie, Staryu, Swablu
No Guard	All moves used by or against this Pokemon will never miss.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the wild Pokemon encounter rate doubles.	Machamp, Machoke, Machop
Normalize	All of this Pokemon's moves are now Normal-type.	Delcatty, Skitty
Oblivious	This Pokemon cannot become attracted to another Pokemon.	Barboach, Illumise, Jynx, Lickilicky, Lickitung, Mamoswine, Numel, Piloswine, Slowbro, Slowking, Slowpoke, Smoochum, Swinub, Wailmer, Wailord, Whiscash
Overgrow	When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Grass-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power.	Bayleef, Bulbasaur, Chikorita, Grotle, Grovyle, Ivysaur, Meganium, Sceptile, Torterra, Treecko, Turtwig, Venusaur
Own Tempo	This Pokemon cannot become confused.	Glameow, Grumpig, Lickilicky, Lickitung, Purugly, Slowbro, Slowking, Slowpoke, Smeargle, Spinda, Spoink
Pickup	If it is not already holding an item, this Pokemon may find and be holding a variety of items after a battle: see the full Pickup List for more information.	Aipom, Ambipom, Linoone, Meowth, Munchlax, Pachirisu, Phanpy, Teddiursa, Zigzagoon
Plus	This Pokemon's Special Attack receives a 50% boost in double battles if its partner has the Minus ability.	Plusle
Poison Heal	If this Pokemon become poisoned or Toxic Poisoned, it will recover one-eighth of its max HP after each turn. However, this Pokemon will continue to lose health as the player walks on the overworld screen.	Breloom, Shroomish
Poison Point	If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 30% chance that the opponent will become poisoned.	Budew, Nidoking, Nidoqueen, Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂, Nidorina, Nidorino, Qwilfish, Roselia, Roserade, Seadra
Pressure	When an opponent uses a move that affects this Pokemon, an additional PP is required for the opponent to use that move.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, there is a 50% chance a wild encounter will be the highest level of its encounter range.	Absol, Aerodactyl, Giratina, Articuno, Attack Deoxys, Defense Deoxys, Deoxys, Dialga, Dusclops, Dusknoir, Entei, Ho-oh, Lugia, Mewtwo, Moltres, Palkia, Raikou, Speed Deoxys, Spiritomb, Suicune, Vespiquen, Weavile, Zapdos
Pure Power	This Pokemon's Attack stat is doubled. Therefore, if this Pokemon's Attack stat on the status screen is 200, it effectively has an Attack stat of 400; which is then subject to the full range of stat boosts and reductions.	Medicham, Meditite
Quick Feet	When this Pokemon is poisoned (including Toxic), burned, paralyzed, asleep (including self-induced Rest) or frozen, its Speed stat receives a 50% boost; the paralysis status' Speed drop is also ignored.
[Field Effect] If Pokemon is in lead slot, wild encounters decrease by 50%.	Granbull, Mightyena, Poochyena, Teddiursa, Ursaring
Rain Dish	If active while Rain Dance is in effect, this Pokemon recovers one-sixteenth of its max HP after each turn.	Lombre, Lotad, Ludicolo
Reckless	When this Pokemon uses an attack that causes recoil damage, or an attack that has a chance to cause recoil damage such as Jump Kick and Hi Jump Kick, the attacks's power receives a 20% boost.	Hitmonlee
Rivalry	This Pokemon's attacks receive a 25% power boost if the target is the same gender as this Pokemon, but a 25% power reduction if the target is the opposite gender.	Luxio, Luxray, Nidoking, Nidoqueen, Nidoran♀, Nidoran♂, Nidorina, Nidorino, Shinx
Rock Head	This Pokemon does not receive recoil damage unless it uses Struggle, it misses with Jump Kick or Hi Jump Kick or it is holding Life Orb, Jaboca Berry or Rowap Berry.	Aerodactyl, Aggron, Aron, Bagon, Bonsly, Cubone, Geodude, Golem, Graveler, Lairon, Marowak, Onix, Relicanth, Rhydon, Rhyhorn, Shelgon, Steelix, Sudowoodo
Rough Skin	When this Pokemon is directly attacked, the opponent receives damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP.	Carvanha, Sharpedo
Run Away	Unless this Pokemon is under the effects of a trapping move or ability, such as Mean Look or Shadow Tag, it will escape from wild Pokemon battles without fail.	Aipom, Buneary, Dodrio, Doduo, Dunsparce, Eevee, Furret, Pachirisu, Ponyta, Poochyena, Rapidash, Raticate, Rattata, Sentret, Snubbull
Sand Stream	When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Sandstorm that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition.	Hippopotas, Hippowdon, Tyranitar
Sand Veil	If active while Sandstorm is in effect, this Pokemon's Evasion receives a 20% boost; if this Pokemon has a typing that would normally take damage from Sandstorm, this Pokemon is also immune to Sandstorm's damage.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles during a Sandstorm is halved.	Cacnea, Cacturne, Diglett, Dugtrio, Gabite, Garchomp, Gible, Gligar, Gliscor, Sandshrew, Sandslash
Scrappy	This Pokemon has the ability to hit Ghost-type Pokemon with Normal-type and Fighting-type moves. Effectiveness of these moves takes into account the Ghost-type Pokemon's other weaknesses and resistances.	Kangaskhan, Miltank
Serene Grace	The side effects of this Pokemon's attacks occur twice as often. For example, if this Pokemon uses Ice Beam, it will have a 20% chance to freeze its target.	Blissey, Chansey, Dunsparce, Happiny, Jirachi, Shaymin, Togekiss, Togepi, Togetic
Shadow Tag	When this Pokemon enters the field, its opponents cannot switch or flee the battle unless they have the same ability, are holding Shed Shell, or they use the moves Baton Pass or U-Turn.	Wobbuffet, Wynaut
Shed Skin	After each turn, this Pokemon has a 30% chance to heal itself from poison (including Toxic), paralysis, burn, freeze or sleep (including self-induced Rest).	Arbok, Burmy, Cascoon, Dragonair, Dratini, Ekans, Kakuna, Kricketot, Metapod, Pupitar, Seviper, Silcoon
Shell Armor	Critical Hits cannot strike this Pokemon.	Clamperl, Cloyster, Corphish, Crawdaunt, Kingler, Krabby, Lapras, Omanyte, Omastar, Shellder
Shield Dust	If the opponent uses a move that has secondary effects that affect this Pokemon in addition to damage, the move's secondary effects will not trigger. (For example, an Ice Beam will lose its 10% chance to freeze this Pokemon.)	Caterpie, Dustox, Venomoth, Weedle, Wurmple
Simple	This Pokemon doubles all of its positive and negative stat modifiers. For example, if this Pokemon uses Curse, its Attack and Defense stats each increase by two stages while its Speed stat decreases by two stages.	Bibarel, Bidoof, Numel
Skill Link	When this Pokemon uses an attack that strikes multiple times in one turn, such as Fury Attack or Spike Cannon, such attacks will always strike for the maximum number of hits.	Cloyster, Shellder
Slow Start	Each time this Pokemon switches into the battle, its Attack and Speed stats are halved for five turns; for example, if this Pokemon has an Attack stat of 400, it will effectively have an Attack stat of 200 until the effects of Slow Start wear off.	Regigigas
Sniper	When this Pokemon lands a Critical Hit, the move's damage triples instead of doubling.	Drapion, Horsea, Kingdra, Octillery, Remoraid, Seadra, Skorupi
Snow Cloak	This Pokemon's Evasion increases by 20% while Hail is in effect; if this Pokemon has a typing that would normally take damage from Hail, this Pokemon is also immune to Hail's damage.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles during a Hailstorm is halved.	Froslass, Glaceon, Mamoswine, Piloswine, Swinub
Snow Warning	When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Hail that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition.	Abomasnow, Snover
Solar Power	If this Pokemon is active while Sunny Day is in effect, its Special Attack temporarily receives a 50% boost but this Pokemon also receives damage equal to one-eighth of its max HP after each turn.	Sunflora, Sunkern, Tropius
Solid Rock	This Pokemon receives one-fourth reduced damage from Super Effective attacks.	Camerupt, Rhyperior
Soundproof	This Pokemon is immune to the effects of the sound-related moves Bug Buzz, Chatter, Grasswhistle, Growl, Heal Bell, Hyper Voice, Metal Sound, Perish Song, Roar, Screech, Sing, Snore, Supersonic, and Uproar.	Electrode, Exploud, Loudred, Mime Jr., Mr. Mime, Voltorb, Whismur
Speed Boost	While this Pokemon is active, its Speed increased by one stage at the end of every turn; the six stage maximum for stat boosts is still in effect.	Ninjask, Yanma, Yanmega
Stall	This Pokemon will always act last among its priority bracket. See the priority page for more information.	Sableye
Static	If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 30% chance that the opponent will become paralyzed.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of encountering an Electric-type Pokemon increases by 50%.	Ampharos, Electabuzz, Electrike, Electrode, Elekid, Flaaffy, Manectric, Mareep, Pichu, Pikachu, Raichu, Voltorb
Steadfast	If this Pokemon is made to flinch, its Speed increases by one stage.	Gallade, Lucario, Riolu, Tyrogue
Stench	When this Pokemon is in the first slot of the player's party, it halves the rate of wild encounters.	Grimer, Muk, Skuntank, Stunky
Sticky Hold	Opponents cannot remove items from this Pokemon.
[Field Effect] Pokemon are hooked by a fishing rod more frequently.	Gastrodon, Grimer, Gulpin, Muk, Shellos, Swalot
Storm Drain	During double battles, this Pokemon draws any single-target Water-type attack to itself. If an opponent uses an Water-type attack that affects multiple Pokemon, those targets will be hit. This ability does not affect Water Hidden Power, Judgment or Natural Gift.	Finneon, Gastrodon, Lumineon, Shellos
Sturdy	The one-hit KO moves Fissure, Guillotine, Horn Drill and Sheer Cold do not affect this Pokemon.	Aggron, Aron, Bastiodon, Bonsly, Donphan, Forretress, Geodude, Golem, Graveler, Lairon, Magnemite, Magneton, Magnezone, Nosepass, Onix, Pineco, Probopass, Shieldon, Shuckle, Skarmory, Steelix, Sudowoodo
Suction Cups	Roar and Whirlwind do not affect this Pokemon.
[Field Effect] Pokemon are hooked by a fishing rod more frequently.	Cradily, Lileep, Octillery
Super Luck	Raises this Pokemon's chance to land a Critical Hit by one domain.	Absol, Honchkrow, Murkrow
Swarm	When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Bug-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power.	Ariados, Beautifly, Beedrill, Heracross, Kricketune, Ledian, Ledyba, Mothim, Scizor, Scyther, Spinarak, Volbeat
Swift Swim	If this Pokemon is active while Rain Dance is in effect, its speed is temporarily doubled.	Buizel, Feebas, Finneon, Floatzel, Goldeen, Gorebyss, Horsea, Huntail, Kabuto, Kabutops, Kingdra, Lombre, Lotad, Ludicolo, Lumineon, Luvdisc, Magikarp, Mantine, Mantyke, Omanyte, Omastar, Qwilfish, Relicanth, Seaking, Surskit
Synchronize	If an opponent burns, poisons or paralyzes this Pokemon, the same condition inflicts the opponent.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of encountering a Pokemon with the same nature increases by 50%	Abra, Alakazam, Espeon, Gardevoir, Kadabra, Kirlia, Mew, Natu, Ralts, Umbreon, Xatu
Tangled Feet	When this Pokemon is confused, its opponent's attacks have a 50% chance of missing.	Chatot, Pidgeot, Pidgeotto, Pidgey, Spinda
Technician	When this Pokemon uses an attack that has 60 Base Power or less, the move's Base Power receives a 50% boost. For example, a move with 60 Base Power effectively becomes a move with 90 Base Power.	Ambipom, Hitmontop, Meowth, Persian, Scizor, Scyther, Smeargle
Thick Fat	This Pokemon receives halved damage from Ice-type and Fire-type attacks.	Azumarill, Azurill, Dewgong, Grumpig, Hariyama, Makuhita, Marill, Miltank, Munchlax, Purugly, Sealeo, Seel, Snorlax, Spheal, Spoink, Walrein
Tinted Lens	Doubles the power of moves that are Not Very Effective against opponents.	Illumise, Venomoth, Venonat, Yanmega
Torrent	When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Water-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power.	Blastoise, Croconaw, Empoleon, Feraligatr, Marshtomp, Mudkip, Piplup, Prinplup, Squirtle, Swampert, Totodile, Wartortle
Trace	When this Pokemon enters the field, it temporarily copies an opponent's ability (except Forecast and Multitype). This ability remains with this Pokemon until it leaves the field.	Gardevoir, Kirlia, Porygon, Porygon2, Ralts
Truant	After this Pokemon is switched into battle, it skips every other turn.	Slaking, Slakoth
Unaware	This Pokemon ignores an opponent's stat boosts for Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense, Accuracy and Evasion. These boosts will still be calculated if this Pokemon uses moves that rely on stat differences, such as Gyro Ball, or stat changes, such as Punishment.	Bibarel, Bidoof
Unburden	This Pokemon's Speed increases by two stages if it loses its held item, whether through consumption or from the effects of moves such as Thief or Knock Off.	Drifblim, Drifloon
Unknown	NULL
Vital Spirit	This Pokemon cannot be put to sleep; this includes both opponent-induced sleep as well as user-induced sleep via Rest.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, there is a 50% chance a wild encounter will be the highest level of its encounter range.	Delibird, Mankey, Primeape, Vigoroth
Volt Absorb	When an Electric-type attack hits this Pokemon, it recovers health equal to the damage that it would have taken; this Pokemon can recover up to 25% of its max HP in this way.	Chinchou, Jolteon, Lanturn
Water Absorb	When a Water-type attack hits this Pokemon, it recovers health equal to the damage that it would have taken; this Pokemon can recover up to 25% of its max HP in this way.	Lapras, Mantine, Mantyke, Politoed, Poliwag, Poliwhirl, Poliwrath, Quagsire, Vaporeon, Wooper
Water Veil	This Pokemon cannot become burned.	Goldeen, Seaking, Wailmer, Wailord
White Smoke	Opponents cannot reduce this Pokemon's stats; they can, however, modify stat changes with Power Swap, Guard Swap and Heart Swap and inflict stat boosts with Swagger and Flatter. This ability does not prevent self-inflicted stat reductions.
[Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles decreases by 50%.	Torkoal
Wonder Guard	This Pokemon only receives damage from attacks that are Super Effective to this Pokemon. Wonder Guard does not protect a Pokemon from status ailments (burn, freeze, paralysis, poison, sleep, Toxic or any of their side effects or damage), recoil damage nor the moves Beat Up, Bide, Doom Desire, Fire Fang, Future Sight, Hail, Leech Seed, Sandstorm, Spikes, Stealth Rock and Struggle. Wonder Guard cannot be Skill Swapped nor Role Played. Trace, however, does copy Wonder Guard.	Shedinja